{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I had the pleasure to be 2018 HOBY ambassador representing Burbank Senior High School. HOBY \'97 Hung O'Brian Youth Leadership summer camp \'97 is a non-profit organization that inspires and equips sophomores to change the world.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 In the fall of 2017, I received a letter after reading which I still had no idea what it was about. I was still and ELD(English Language Development) student struggling with English at the time. I asked my translator, who was sitting beside me in the history class, to read the letter and explain what it says in Russian. While she was reading it, her face expression became more and more surprised. Then, with a smile on her face, my translator finally told me that I was one of the eight sophomores nominated to be the 2018 HOBY ambassador.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 In a few months two former HOBY ambassadors interviewed all eight nominees. I was trying my best at answering their questions but, again, I was still learning English. I thought they would never pick me because of it. I was delighted to find out I was wrong.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Even though the camp was only three days, the amount of personal growth I have gained there is unmeasurable. We had motivational speakers come in and share their incredible stories. We did many charity activities for homeless people and orphanages: making blankets and sandwiches, sorting self-care products and crayons, and simply donating. We also did numerous team work activities, where the key to winning was a successful cooperation. At HOBY, they demonstrated to us that leadership is not about authority but rather about helping others reach their full potential and provide them with the right tools to succeed. I made lifelong connections with ambitious and high achieving people at HOBY. I am truly thankful for such a great experience.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Before HOBY I liked helping people, but HOBY taught me how to turn my goals into action.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 Moving to a new country is never easy, especially when you do not speak the country's language. I have gone through such experience; therefore, I was eager to help people who are currently struggling in such situation. With the experience I have gained from HOBY I was able to act on my want to help; hence, I talked to my counselor, Mr. Adamson. He said that I can tutor ELD students for service learning under his control. At first, I thought no one would want to receive help from a peer. However, I was soon surprised by the number of people who told Mr. Adamson that they would be more than happy to. Consequently, my counselor paired me with a few students and I was excited to start tutoring. First couple meetings did not go that great, I did not know where to start and specifically what areas they needed help with. However, after getting to know them I had an idea of what they lacked or did not understand well. Additionally, my teaching did not seem very efficient. So I went home and looked up lessons on the topics my friends needed help with and on the next day tried teaching them in a different way. I was happy to see them making progress and getting the material. This became my school hobby if you will. I started off by tutoring only English but soon added math and biology to the curriculum as well. It was rather fun. I was scheduling meetings, writing down week's agenda for each student(since each of them was learning at a different pace), and creating mini homework assignments. \
\
Tutoring was an amazing experience for me. I was receiving service hours for it but I took away a lot more. I learned to efficiently teach and cooperate with people and recognize their strong and weak sides. I have made a lot of good friends, helped many students adapt to a new country and learn new language faster, and learned different ways of teaching and approaching different students. Although I have only helped a little over 10 people, those people will carry it on by helping others and it will keep on spreading and benefiting everyone around, like a butterfly effect.\

\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Besides tutoring I have also assisted dance concerts(selling tickets and food), helped teachers with grading, and did Grad Night prep(assigning bus seats and making posters). I intend to engage in community beneficial activities in a university as well.
\f1\fs24 \
}